# Introduction

Welcome!  This online book is designed to help you get started making 2D games
using JetLag.

We tried really hard to make sure that everything in this book will make sense
*even if you don't have any experience with computer programming*.  Of course,
everyone makes mistakes.  It's part of life.  It's part of making a game.  And
it's part of writing a book.

Sometimes this book will have errors.  Sometimes, we might assume you know
something about programming that you shouldn't be expected to know.  Sometimes a
chapter might assume that you've already done a *later* chapter.  If you get
stuck, whether you think it's your fault or ours, you should always feel free to
reach out to us.  The best way is to use the [JetLag Issue
Tracker](https://github.com/mfs409/jetlag/issues).

When you run into trouble, please don't give up!  You may have noticed that
sometimes the coolest part of a game is what happens when you lose. Similarly,
sometimes the best learning comes from making mistakes.  So when you encounter
difficulty, please try to figure it out.  If you can't, then add an issue to the
issue tracker.  But keep trying!  It feels great when you figure out how to fix
the mistakes in your code, and then you see your great idea playing on the
screen in front of you.  Really.  We promise.

While this book doesn't assume that you've ever programmed a computer before, we
hope that by the time you are done, you'll have learned a lot about programming.
We'll even try to teach you some of the core computer science topics.  It
certainly won't be enough to prepare you for a first-semester college course in
Computer Science, but you'll be very well prepared to learn more, learn on your
own, and do well in future projects.
